Welcome to the Automated Invoice Processing Tool.

Installing the tool:

If you received 'FishbowlInvoiceTool_Setup.exe', simply double-click it and follow the prompts
to install the application. The installer runs without administrator rights and installs the
tool just for your user account. When it finishes, you can launch the tool from the
"Fishbowl Invoice Tool" Start Menu shortcut (and a desktop icon, if you chose to create one).

If a newer version is released, run the new 'FishbowlInvoiceTool_Setup.exe' to upgrade in place.
Your edited configuration files in the 'Configs' folder and any invoices you placed in the
'Invoices' folder are preserved across upgrades and are not removed if you uninstall.

If you instead received the 'FishbowlInvoiceTool.zip' file, just extract it anywhere and run
'AutoInvoiceProc.exe' from the extracted folder -- no installation is required.

To use the tool:

Download any Fishbowl invoice you would like to process as a '.pdf' file, and place them
into the 'Invoices' folder.

Run 'AutoInvoiceProc.exe' to launch the application.

Press "Edit" on the menu bar, and check each configuration file to make sure they are correct.

  - Ensure that Sales_Reps.txt contains a list of all possible sales reps that could
	be listed on an invoice. If a sales rep's name code shows up on an invoice and
	there is no corresponding entry in this file to decode it, the sales rep will
	be blank on the invoice report.

	Any entries must be input as xxxxx=yyyyy where 'xxxxx' is the sales rep as it appears 
	on the invoice, and 'yyyyy' = is the name of the sales rep you would like the tool to 
	display after processing the invoice.

  - Ensure that Payment_Terms.txt has been populated with an exhaustive list of all
	possible payment terms that can appear on an invoice. If a payment term is encountered
	that is not on this list, it will be blank on the invoice report.

	Any entries must be input as it will appear on the invoice, one per line.

  - Ensure that Cost_Criteria.txt contains all necessary information to discern between
	different cost types. I.E: shipping costs vs material costs vs labor costs.

	Any entries must be input as it will appear on the invoice, one per line.

To process invoices, follow one of the two actions:
	
  - To use the app to process a single invoice at once, click the "Browse" button to open the file
	browser. The browser will automatically direct you to the Invoices folder. Select the invoice
	that you would like the process, and then click "Process This Invoice".

  - To process all invoices in the Invoices folder, simply click the "Process All Invoices" button.

The output of the processed invoice(s) can be read in the output window below the buttons, or in the
results file that can be viewed by pressing "View" -> "Results.txt".

Repeat until all invoices are processed, and then click "Exit" to close the program.